---
title: '3. Add a new sensor'
layout: default
nav_order: 3
parent: 'Day 1: Deploy Microsoft Defender for Identity'
---

# Task 1.3: Add a new sensor

1. In the DC01 RDP session, open Microsoft Edge, then go to **[https://security.microsoft.com](https://security.microsoft.com)**, then sign in using your **Microsoft 365 account**.
    
1. Close any dialog boxes that appear. 

1. In the **Microsoft Defender** menu, select **Settings**.

1. On the Settings page, select **Identities**. 

    {: .warning }
    > It can take up to 10 minutes to prepare new spaces the first time you attempt to load the identities page.

1. On the Microsoft Defender for Identity page, select **Add sensor**.  

1. On the **Add a new sensor** pane, select **Download installer** to save the file to the **Downloads** directory.   

    {: .note }
    > If the download does not start, in the Microsoft Edge settings, disable the pop-up blocker, then select **Download installer** again.

1. On the **Add a new sensor** pane, copy the access key value, You will paste this into the installer window when installing the sensor.  

    {: .warning }
    > The access key is a one-time password for use when deploying the sensor, after which communication is performed using certificates for authentication and TLS encryption.

1. In File Explorer, under **Quick access**, select **Downloads**.  

1. In the **Downloads** directory, right-click **Azure ATP Sensor Setup.zip**, select **Extract All**, and then select **Extract**.
 
1. In the **Azure ATP Sensor Setup** directory, double-click **Azure ATP Sensor Setup.exe**. 

1. In the **Install Microsoft Defender for Identity Sensor** box, on the **Choose your language** menu, select **English**, then select **Next**. 

1. On the Sensor deployment type page, accept the default value, then select **Next**. 

1. On the Configure the Sensor page, in the **Access key** box, paste the access key that you copied above, then select **Install**. 

1. After the **Installation completed successfully** message appears, select **Finish**. 

1. Switch back to the **Microsoft Defender for Identity** tab in Microsoft Edge, then refresh the tab to view the newly-deployed DC01 sensor.

    {: .note }
    > The DC01 sensor, a domain controller sensor, is installed in the MSMDI.local domain.   
    
1. Select the DC01 sensor to view the sensor details, then close the pane.
